
\documentclass[a4paper, 11pt]{article}
\usepackage[ascii]{inputenc}
\usepackage{supertabular}
\usepackage[ngerman]{babel}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsfonts,textcomp}
\usepackage {geometry}
\geometry{a4paper,top=25mm,left=30mm,right=25mm,bottom=30mm}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, filecolor=blue, urlcolor=blue}


\begin{document}
{\begin{center}\huge\bf openETCS WP4 Meeting Minutes\end{center}}
\section{Meeting Information}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.5}
\begin{supertabular}{m{.2\textwidth}m{.8\textwidth}}
%\hline
Subject & WP4 Weekly Scrum: Validation and Verification\\
Date \& time & 2014-05-09, 09:30h--09:45h\\
Location & Telco and Goto-Meeting\\
Called up by & Marc Behrens\\
%Called up by & Jan Welte\\
Participants &
%Benjamin Beichler,
Marc Behrens,
Cecile Braunstein,
%Sylvain Baro,
Fausto Cochetti,
%Peyman Farhangi,
Lukasz Fronc,
%Jens Gerlach,
%Frank Golatowski,
%Ainhoa Gracia,
Klaus-R\"udiger Hase,
Bernd Hekele,
%Jonas Helming,
%Hardi Hungar,
Baseliyos Jacob,
%Michael Jastram,
%Roberto Kretschmer,
Peter Mahlmann,
%Huu-Nghia Nguyen,
Alexander Nitsch,
%Vincent Nuhaan,
%Matthieu Perin,
%Marielle Petit-Doche,
%Matthieu Perin,
%Stan Pinte,
%Christophe Ponsard,
Stefan Rieger,
Alexander Stante,
Uwe Steinke,
%Pierre Francois Jauquet,
%Jo\~ao Santos,
%Izaskun de la Torre
Jan Welte
%Jan Welvaarts,
%Giovanni Zanelli,
%Silvano dal Zilio
\\

Minutes by & Bernd Hekele\\

%\hline
\end{supertabular}
\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.0}

%\line(1,0){440}

\section{{Agenda}}
\begin{itemize}
\item Activities
\end{itemize}

\section{Discussion}

\begin{itemize}
\item upcoming events\\
The date for the Braunschweig test training has been fixed. The meeting is scheduled June 4th and 5th. Here is the agenda: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/validation/wiki/Agenda-for-Test-Training}.

\item Internal Assessment\\
Review of D 4.2.1, D4.2.2 and rework of D4.2.3 according to the assessment received at the Workshop on Safety Assessment is ongoing. Also, updates on the QA-Plan due to the internal assessment  are available now. To co-ordinate the activities Jan will organise a follow-up meeting with the partners involved.

\end{itemize}

\section{Notes}

\end{document}
